Alright, let's go ahead
and create a sign out button
that we can put in the nav here.
So first thing we do, we open up the Schematic GraphQL,
you're gonna go into the mutation
and create a signout function
that actually doesn't take any arguments
'cause it's simply just going to sign out.
And like, my question here is like,
what is it gonna return?
Well, it doesn't really need to return anything,
but what I'm gonna do here is
I'm gonna show you how you can return a custom type
that isn't necessarily tied to our Prisma backend,
and that's going to return what's called
a Success Message because sometimes you
want to just perform things
and return some sort of messages to okay,
this was successfully deleted
or you are successfully signed out,
or make sure you do this.
So, if you just wanna return a message
to the user, we can create our own type for that.
So what you can do is we'll go up here,
we'll make a type SuccessMessage,
and that will have a message property
that is a string.
And that's it!
So if you ever do want to create your own
types that are not a thing on your backend
but you just wanna return like
a specific shape of an object,
you can create a custom type
inside of your schema and return that from here,
then we'll open up our mutations.js
and go ahead and write the resolver
for that mutation.
So, signout...
You guessed it!
It gets a parent, args, the context, and the info,
and this one is going to be super simple,
we simply take the context.response.clearCookie,
and the reason why we can call clearCookie
is because in our index.js we use this cookie parser
and that gives us these handy little methods
called clearCookie, I'm gonna clear the token cookie,
then we simply return and object
that has a message on it
that says 'Goodbye!'
Though, if you wanted, we're not actually
gonna be displaying that to the user anywhere,
but if you would like to you could
display that in an alert or some sort of message box
to the user.
That's it, now flip over to our frontend,
and we'll open up our components,
we'll make a new component called Signout,
capital S, .js
Let's make a quick little component here.
This actually could be done as a stateless,
so const Signout is equal to props.
From that, we also need to import the mutation,
import mutation, react apollo.
We also need gql,
and we also need that current user query,
because as soon as they signout
we need to refetch the current user so we can update the UI
so that will be, current_suer (laughs)
user_query from the user component.
Let's just give ourselves a button,
that says 'Sign Out'
and open up our nav
import that, and the last thing we'll do here
is we'll just give ourselves a sign out.
Then I'll go ahead and sign in real quick.
There's my Sign Out button.
And, the reason why it is styled the same-
actually, it's a little bit, let's check that out.
Open up our navstyles.js
and you see that we have all of our links,
and our buttons are gonna be styled the same way.
Font weight, let's try font weight 800.
There, no, that still makes it a little bit different.
Oh, you know what's different about it?
It's not the weight, it's the color.
It's the color that's gonna be props black.
It also is the weight.
Alright, those are looking all about the same.
I think that looks the same.
You can debug it a little further if it bugs you
But, we've got the sign out button, good.
Now we need to go back to our sign out,
and create the mutation.
So, const SIGN_OUT_MUTATION
simply say, sign out and we want to turn that message.
Now we can go down here to our actual component,
and we'll wrap that in a mutation component.
And that mutation takes a mutation param
which is the sign out mutation
and then of course, we'll swap that out with a function
that gives us access to the sign out
and we'll hook that up to the on click.
On click is equal to signout.
The way we can tell if this works
is we'll open up our application, go to cookies,
you see the token there.
If I click it, the token disappears.
But this doesn't rerender, and that's because
we also need a refetchQueries on here.
So, we have a mutation that exposes the signout.
When someone clicks that button, it's going to run it,
and when this mutation is complete,
it's going to refetch the current user,
which should in turn rerender our navigation
and anywhere else on the page that relies on that query.
So, let's try that again, I'm going to sign in.
And then I click on sign out,
and you see that it changes it.
So that is awesome!
Because we never need to reload the page,
it's all just dealing with tokens behind the scene,
and it just makes a really snappy user interface.
So, let's jump into the next one.